---
play_number: 1
title: Understand what people need
---

We must begin digital projects by exploring and pinpointing the needs of [the people](techfar-online.md){:rel="reference"} who will use the service, and the ways the service will fit into their lives. Whether the users are members of the public or government employees, policy makers must include real people in their design process from the beginning. The needs of people — not constraints of government structures or silos[^1] — should inform technical and design decisions. We need[^A] to continually test the products we build with real people to keep us honest about what is important.




[^1]: 
	Using YAML as a bridge between documentation and applications is a slick way to avoid duplication. Since the YAML file is machine-readable, it would be trivial for an application to read its name from the same YAML source as the documentation. Changing the app name would be a simple matter of updating a single YAML file, which simultaneously updates all references in the documentation.

[^A]: 
	Liberté c’est un de ces détestables mots qui ont plus de valeur que de sens ; qui chantent plus qu’ils ne parlent ; qui demandent plus qu’ils ne répondent ; de ces mots qui ont fait tous les métiers, et desquels la mémoire est barbouillée de Théologie, de Métaphysique, de Morale et de Politique ; mots très bons pour la controverse, la dialectique, l’éloquence ; aussi propres aux analyses illusoires et aux subtilités infinies qu’aux fins de phrases qui déchaînent le tonnerre.
	
### Checklist	{#bob}
1. Early in the project, spend time with current and prospective users of the service
2. Use a range of qualitative and quantitative research methods to determine people’s goals, needs, and behaviors; be thoughtful about the time spent
3. Test prototypes of solutions with real people, in the field if possible
4. Document the findings about user goals, needs, behaviors, and preferences
5. Share findings with the team and agency leadership
6. Create a prioritized list of tasks the user is trying to accomplish, also known as "user stories"
7. As the digital service is being built, regularly test it with potential users to ensure it meets people’s needs

### Key Questions
- Who are your primary users?
- What user needs will this service address?
- Why does the user want or need this service?
- Which people will have the most difficulty with the service?
- Which research methods were used?
- What were the key findings?
- How were the findings documented? Where can future team members access the documentation?
- How often are you testing with real people?




<!-- TUTO 

Start by:	(3 dash, carriage return)
			play_number: 1
			title: Understand what people need
			(3 dash, carriage return)

h1:		#
h2:		##
h3:		###

a: 		[about the Blabla](https://blab.la)
ul: 	- Blabla
ol:		1. Blabla

Espace fine : 				&thinsp;
Espace fine insécable : 	&#8239;

-->